hi I'm two on with polished by two on
I'm showing you how to apply wedding day
makeup on fair to medium skin tone and
now I'm going to show you how to apply
eye makeup and we already prepped the
complexion so now I'm going to set the
eyes by applying a nude color that
matches the skin and what you want to do
is set it above the eyelid underneath
the eyebrows okay sort of just gives you
a blank canvas to start with on the eyes
open for me please you also want to
matte it down at the bottom pick up as
well and I'm using an all-over eye
shadow brush to do this okay I'm also
going to matte it on this side setting
it by here the reason why I'm doing this
is sometimes we have a little bit fine
lines underneath the eyes and the makeup
tends to get creased underneath there so
that's why I'm just doing this to set it
okay I'm actually going to apply
eyeliner but I'm not going to use
pencils and I'm using a concealer brush
and a cream eyeshadow or just a flat
dark color eyeshadow before you apply
eyeshadow colors or anything I'm just
spraying and making the brush a little
bit wetter okay look down keep your eyes
open for me Kelly thank you the reason
why I'm not using eyeliner pencil is
because it's not natural so what I'm
doing is I'm coloring the roots of her
lashes if you can see this it's very
fine the brush is perfect for this the
eyeliner brush is not going to be able
to do this because it's a little harder
and it's a little you know it's gonna be
a little rough on the skin I colored the
roots of the lashes so that you can't
tell where their lashes separate and I'm
going to do the same thing on the other
side
okay if you see here now her eyes are
all set and you see that it brought out
her eyes and it didn't even look like
she has eyeliner on so the next thing
I'm going to do is I'm going to apply it
on the top but watch how I use the brush
because you want it to be very very
natural and gentle very lightly I'm
dabbing on the base actually right at
the base of the lashes where they grow
open see if you see there's a difference
between the two eyes but it's very very
little and it's subtle okay look down
I'm gonna do the other eyes so this is
perfect and with Kelly because her eyes
are already big and it looked really
nice so I'm probably not going to apply
eyeliner at the bottom and now I'm going
to use a color to give some definition
but I'm gonna do a very light silver
grayish color because you don't want to
make her eyes too dark because it's
going to clash with the white wedding
gown I'm just going to apply a little
bit from the middle out to the side just
to give a little bit of definition okay
if you can see right here that's all I'm
doing
and if you want to make it stand out a
little bit more you can just dot it to
the side so it kind of gives some
highlight right there
let's do on the other side turn this way
perfect if you can see here it's
blending in with her natural skin tone
it looks really nice and then now I'm
going to do a little bit of a highlight
color just applying a little bit of a
shimmery gold color and you're just
gonna put it lightly you can see here
underneath the brows okay here
right there and I'm blending it out open
for me perfect look up I'm gonna
highlight a little bit at the bottom
turn the other way a little bit here the
next thing and the last thing is going
to be mascara right here look at me
perfect
she's got beautiful lashes now with
Kelly I'm probably gonna just touch up
the mascara a little bit at the bottom
and then lastly we'll do the last
finishing touch look up for me please
and this is a really good trick and you
want to make sure that you do this is
the white eyeliner pencil and you're
going to apply it watch where I apply on
Kelly okay we have this natural pinkish
line right here so sometimes if it's
really pink or red it can make us look
very tired so I'm applying it here so
that it brings out the eyes I'm going to
continue on the other eyes look up okay
hmm I'm blending it in right here okay
and that's how we apply eye makeup next
I'm going to show you how to apply lip
color to watch the other segments in
this video series or for how-to videos
on almost any other topic visit
monkey-see dot-com